Fix bug in `api.listBranches` call pagination to start from page 1 (#3657)
backstage/community-plugins: workspaces/github-actions/.changeset/shiny-goats-compete.md

---
'@backstage-community/plugin-github-actions': patch
---

> Fix bug in `api.listBranches` call pagination to start from page 1
> Iterating from page 0 results in a duplicated branch list in the
> WorkflowRunsCard filter

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Start pagination at page 1 in `api.listBranches` to avoid duplicate branches in WorkflowRunsCard.
```
